In this lesson, we're going to learn how to edit one of the tasks that has already been created.
That is how to generate the space within our site so that the user can enter here and open a link next
to each task with the text.
Edit to enter the task and modify it.
Before.
There is something I want to change as well.
Inside our new task, we don't have any link for the user to exit without creating any task.
For example, if he or she entered by mistake and then regretted entering, I would like to put a link
here that says back.
So we're going to come to the task form and we're going to add another tag, a to put a link and the
content of the link is the text back.
And this link is going to take us to the h ref square brackets, percentages, u r l tasks and with
that we go back home.
Now let's go back to our site and to create new tasks.
And we can see the link to go back.
Very good.
Now let's go to what we promised for this lesson, which is the edit tasks.
So we go back to py charm and we go to views.
And here we need to create a new view.
For that, we're going to import something else here inside Django View's generic edit in addition to
create view.
We're also going to import update view.
Jango has tools for everything and now we're going to create a class, as we've done so far with each
of the views.
This class can be called edit tasks and it will inherit from update view.
And inside we're going to do what we've always done.
In fact, I'm going to copy all of this.
Perfect.
Because we need it to have a module task that includes all the fields and that when it manages to successfully
edit the task, it returns us to the home.
So this would be the same.
Now let's go to URLs to create an address to get here.
We're going to import this view that we have just created called edit task.
And we're going to copy this path, which is the one with the integers, because here we're going to
need a URL for each task number.
And the only thing we're going to modify is that here it has to say edit task and here instead of detail
it is going to say edit task.
And of course the name is going to be edit task.
So the last thing we need to do is to show the link on the screen.
Then in the HTML of the task list, we also want a data cell, i.e. a table data cell that says edit.
So we copy this one, paste it below and we're going to change the text.
It won't say see detail, but edit and it will take us to edit task.
That's it.
Well, we're missing one detail.
Now we're adding three cells inside each row of records.
So this top row should have a third cell to keep everything balanced.
Okay, so now we're done.
Let's refresh and see that.
In addition to see details, we have edit.
So if I want to edit milking the cow, I can come to this same form and here I can put milking Mindy,
which is the name of my cow.
So click on Send.
And this task has been modified so we can modify a task that has already been created.
And in the next lesson, we will add one more link that will allow us to delete tasks.
See that?